So far, you've seen how you can integrate acceleration data
from an accelerometer to get change in velocity,
and you've seen how you can integrate velocity to get change in position or displacement.
And displacement and velocity are important quantities to a self driving car,
so it's really fortunate that we can calculate them from accelerometer data.
But what about heading?
A self-driving car needs to know which way it's pointing,
and one way you can do that is by keeping track of how much it turns.
And luckily, the initial measurement units on
all self-driving cars contain what's called brake gyros,
and these gyros measure something called angular velocity.
In the rest of this section, in the following notebook,
you'll see how you can use angular velocity data
from these rate gyros to keep track of the cars